---
title: "2025 Q3"
date: 2025-10-01 21:22:45 +0900
categories: ["blogging", "2025"]
tags: ["review"]
description: "Review of my third quarter of 2025"
author: "jocho"
---

## Air Force Life  

Got promoted to staff sergeant back in August. Honestly, nothing really changed. We’re still short on new recruits, so the workload feels the same. With days this busy, it’s been hard to keep up with my daily routines. I keep showing up at the gym, but doesn’t feel like I’m making much progress.

Life in the Air Force has been tough at times — dealing with the higher-ups’ expectations, coming down with food poisoning after eating raw beef, and handling tense moments with fellow recruits. Like everyone else here, I get by by daydreaming about life after service — thinking about my room setup, what PC build to get, and which club to join — which keeps me going. October will be packed with training, November looks more relaxed, and from December I’ll finally be off base and get to spend some time at home.


---

## Go  

After trying out Solidity and Rust, I decided to pick up Golang. I’ve decided to make Go one of my main languages because:
1. Microservices, networking, cloud-native — all my interests fit.  
2. Many blockchain protocols have solid Go implementations.  
3. It’s clean, fast, and doesn’t feel bloated.  

Right now I’m on some Go microservice tutorials, going through the docs, and reading *Network Automation with Go*.  

---

## American Dream  

Since high school, I’ve pictured myself in Silicon Valley, working with super-talented people, at the edge of innovation. My original plan was very much straightforward: a master’s degree → OPT → H-1B → green card.  

Now I see it a bit differently. My main goal is to grow into a global-level engineer, and location comes second. The U.S. is still an important part of that dream, but I’ve realized there are strong teams all around the world.  

Right now, I’m following some leading teams in Korea, and I’m also keeping an eye on remote opportunities with global teams in the crypto industry.  

---

